Github Issue Template Improved (#2739)
microsoft/vscode-copilot-release: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report_ux.md

name: Bug report for GitHub Copilot Chat
about: Create a report to help us improve Copilot Chat's interface in VS Code
---

> - Did you search for existing issues: (YES/NO)

Reviewer: As this is a question a question mark should be used

```suggestion
- Did you search for existing issues? (YES/NO)
```

> - Did you search for existing issues? (YES/NO)

Reviewer: Suggest making this less shouty

```suggestion
- Did you search for existing issues? (Yes/No)
```

> - Did you check the logs and attach*: (YES/NO)

Reviewer: This again is a question. Suggest changing this to

```suggestion
- Have you attached logs to help diagnose this issue? (YES/NO)
```

> - Have you attached logs to help diagnose this issue? (YES/NO)

Reviewer: See previous comment

```suggestion
- Have you attached logs to help diagnose this issue? (Yes/No)
```

   
- Copilot Chat Extension Version**:
- VS Code Version:
- OS Version:
- Logs:

#### Current Behaviour: 
- 
#### Expected Behaviour:
- 

> <!-- Please give as much details as you can, so that it is easily reproducable -->

Reviewer: Use 'detail' not 'details'

```suggestion
<!-- Please give as much detail as you can, so that it is easily reproducable -->

```

> <!-- Please give as much detail as you can, so that it is easily reproducable -->

Reviewer: Suggest replacing"easily reproducible" with simpler verbiage.

```suggestion
<!-- Please give as much detail as you can, so that it is easy to reproduce the issue  -->
```

#### Steps to Reproduce:
1. 
2.
3.
4.

> 

Reviewer: Suggest removing this newline.
